Add feature flags documentation (#473)
rootstrap/rails_api_base: docs/feature_flags.md

> # Feature Flags

Reviewer: WDYT about adding a section to explain how FFs enable Continuous Deployment to our dev teams? This is a good reference to add: https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/product-development-flow/feature-flag-lifecycle/#the-benefits-of-feature-flags

## Intro

The Rootstrap Rails API Base allows developers to define feature flags, which are essentially boolean variables representing whether a particular feature or piece of code should be enabled or disabled. These flags can be easily controlled without requiring code changes or redeployment.
Feature flags can be set at different levels of granularity, such as for individual users, user groups, or percentage-based rollouts. This allows for controlled feature releases and gradual rollouts.

> Our feature flag engine is built upon Flipper. To learn more about Flipper, please visit the following website: [Flipper Documentation](https://www.flippercloud.io/docs/introduction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our feature flag implementation is based on Flipper. To learn more about Flipper, please visit the following website: [Flipper Documentation](https://www.flippercloud.io/docs/introduction)
```

```
For more examples, please visit [Flipper documentation](https://www.flippercloud.io/docs/features).

## Deploy

The Rootstrap Rails API base utilizes the `bin/release.sh` script to execute `lib/tasks/feature_flags.rake` on every release. This rake task registers non-existing feature flags based on the list in config/feature-flags.yml. This approach eliminates the need for developers to manually register feature flags in the production environment, as registering them in the local environment is sufficient.

## Testing

Testing new code behind a feature flag is straightforward; developers only need to enable the feature flag before running the test. 
Here's an example:

```
 context 'when test_feature_flag is on' do
    before { Flipper.enable(:test_feature_flag) }

    it do
      expect(feature).to match_behavior_behind_the_feature_flag
      expect(Flipper).to be_enabled(:test_feature_flag)
    end
 end
```

No need to reset the feature flag state; our system already resets the Flipper instance before each test. This ensures that all tests start in a fresh state.

## Monitoring and Managing Feature Flags

> To monitor and manage feature flags, we recommend using the Flipper UI, which can be accessed through `active_admin` or at this path: `/admin/feature-flags/`

Reviewer: I would move this section below `Set Up Feature Flags`
